In todays world, everyone are busy with their activities. They are not paying any
attention to their health. In country like India, the poorer and also sometimes the middle
person, does not get the medical facilites so easily. We through the app, are assigning a
doctor , to every individual who registers himself/herself on app.
When user registers through the app, he will be assigned a doctors on the basis of his
location using the GPS, or he may be made to choose from some. He gets the provided
with doctors information like doctors name, mobile name, email id of the doctor. The user
will be provided with the facilty of calling a doctor with littlle bit of charges.
We are developing an app, which will show the progress bar of ones individual health.
The app contains different sections -
1. First will be the home page, which will contains the heatlh status of the individual. The
health status will be updated regularly. The status will be update on the bases of the body
mass index, etc.This details should be entered by the user manually.
2. Second, it will contain information of the user, like Name, Blood group, PAN ID, Address.
3.Third is the Google map. It contains options of calling directly or searching. If a person
need an emergency, he just needs to press the call button and he will be directed to the
doctor or may be ambulance, etc depending upon the problem.
4. Fouth, is donation. This section contains a list of body parts that can be donated. It
contains the checkboxes of Organs like Liver, lungs, etc and tissus. The individual which
want to donate his parts after life can check the boxes. It will highlight information of each
part, how important it is, and how important it would be, when you donate it, after your life.
This donation information will be also be maintained with the doctor and administation. The
administration will provide with the benefits like money for donating the parts.
There will also be a news/blog feed section, for informing the users of the new medical
problems or diseases generating and solution for it.
Now , we would be having website. It will contain Doctors and administration login. For
doctors, when he/she will login in, his account will contain the list of patients registered
with him and their details. It will contain the information the user entered in the app, and
also the user wanted to donate the parts.
The administration login, will be login from the governement bodies. When the
governement body login, it will contain list of doctors registered with them. It will show the
information of doctors and the number of patients registered with them.
The doctors and also the hospitals would be rated with according to the cases and the no.
Of registered patients with them.
Basically the whole idea of the app is to maintain the health status of the indivdual and
bring more health
